What do you want from me?
Zhu Xue
Mu Qianqian was deceived by Ye Chen
Used by him
He is full of lies.
What people say is reasonable
You said he lied.
Could it be that Mu Qianqian is really willing to look at Ye Chen?
Are you still helping Yechen after chasing me?
Is that it?
I don't believe it.
Yan Rongxu, you shameless bitch
My brother has been chasing me for so long
Is my man
Why are you robbing my man? What are you talking about?
Brother, I know
It's all this shameless bitch seducing you
But you can't leave me
And I'm all yours
Since when are you mine?
What nonsense are you talking about?
Make it clear
Brother Ye
We had so many good nights after all
You really had sex with him?
I don't have it.
Brother Ye, you said you would be responsible for me
Have you watched too many idol dramas?
When did I sleep with you?
Stop talking nonsense here
Brother Ning, am I a girl?
Am I framing you with innocence?
Isn't that what you're doing now?